speaks guys line operating in Brazil
Here Andrew health usually with another
episode and we're here with a version
it was who we were going to do
the hilton was attacking is because the
sound procedure is good here on the ship
zoom procedure is good at this enemy
But it did not go very fast since
rio thani here I made the outline to catch
he in front
so this was a good use of the loop right that
is called the English youtube not turn
and you can see there the plane crashes is
using this loop tactic right I
I 'll go forward and I'll show you
now a tactic of the other of June in
bonn cool, this time it's going to be
foo fighters
here is just to show even some
scenes and attacking and destroying some
here an example of zoom embu breaks the
fighter
is that it did not zoom well but I was
actually much faster than
opponent is this is one of the benefits of
advantages overturning the other was head-on
critical me is almost played in a good
my glue here and still get another
front with a goal of mine and another in the front
but the sony legend but another was not much
well an example of that in with five more
I used the attitude of speed
how fighter an airplane is like a
very strong and continuous structure.
also strong those strategies that
make the ideal positions good is not there
tip and until the next
people are importing in brazil or